now I don't know if you've noticed any
funny goings on at all today but they
have certainly been one or two
inexplicable happenings here in the
studio and there could be a little more
magic in the air at London's Leicester
Square where harry potter and the order
of the phoenix is about to have its
european premiere fives the slip shot is
there well let me tell you the Dark Lord
Voldemort he's doing his best to thwart
this premier tonight has been Thunder
has been lightning and this been hailed
stone but you know what you can't keep a
good wizard down and have a look at this
it transformed leicester square into
hogwarts now we've already had the main
stars at the film arriving daniel
radcliffe's just turned up and rupert
grint here as well who plays wrong
they're just about to go in now to watch
the film it's actually rather good the
previous four Potter movies are in the
top 20 grossing films of all time that's
1.7 billion in box office takings which
means that their star Daniel Radcliffe
will be getting a paycheck of around 25
million quid for the final two films and
he's still only 17 now that's magic the
boy wizard certainly has pulling power
these fans run a website called the
leaky cauldron and have come all the way
across the pond for tonight London
premiere there's enthusiasm you just
can't stay away from it you know it's so
it's so exciting to do what we do all
right we're so lucky this is the
premiere of the movie are you kidding is
awesome so we're gaining up it's obvious
that they're under Harry spell but if
you fail many good let's have someone a
little less partial to potions I thought
this was the biggest and best Harry
Potter so far certainly the scariest and
also the funniest as well as containing
the most amazing special effects I've
ever seen in a summer blockbuster well
I'll just tell you those american funds
in that case who run the website or
nothing on some of the ones i've met
today have a look at some of those back
there some of them are come from
some of them from Germany all over those
one of them even spent six hours and
quit getting here tonight absolutely
love this they need a new hobby like
dominoes or something that's cheaper
you